a thing :
Aura is a blaze creature that is very hostile to a creature called players in the world of minecraft. Aura lives in a dungeon called 'Labyrinthe du gardien inconnu' which means 'Maze of the Unknown Guardian' which has insane amount of traps and monsters. After the Aura is defeated it drops a certain item that leads to a mysterious place called 'The Necrotic Dimension' which no one has ever seen....

another thing:

eature that is very hostile to a creature called players in the world of minecraft. Aura lives in a dungeon called 'Labyrinthe du gardien inconnu' which means 'Maze of the Unknown Guardian' which has insane amount of traps and monsters. After the Aura is defeated it drops a certain item that leads to a mysterious place called 'The Necrotic Dimension' which no one has ever seen.... so this is a unique and deadly threat. If you are not near the dungeon it will say 'Otous! oOoOoOoOoooohooohooohooohooohoooohoooohOOOOOOOHOOHOOOHOOOOOOHOOOHOOHOAOOOHO' before moving on to the next level.

edit] Boss

The Boss must be found near the Labyrinth of the Dead using a hidden treasure chest. Enemies spawned from this are:

Sneak Spot - one of the boss spawns with a few arrows, a few water arrows, arrows, and some kind of water spell

- one of the boss spawns with a few arrows, a few water arrows, arrows, and some kind of water spell Bomb Trap - One of the boss spawns with arrows and water, but one can also be found with magic. One can also be found with fire.

- One of the boss spawns with arrows and water, but one can also be found with magic.

what?????????

Gem names  {
       Agriyelite
       Aquomite
       Gold Almao
       Orange-Red Temarelite
       Cryophanite
       Peach Ekanesia
       Crimson Pectene
       Blue-Violet Aegidonyx
       Electric Blue Cypberite
       Twinkling Breadite
       Salmon Linadingerite
       Blue Rapmony
       Violet Tunoradoite
       Magenta Rose Lollnic
       Jade Petaogopite
}

artifact names ?? {
    Triumph Fountain
    Longevity Mask
    Flame Horn
    Thunder Gem
    Equinox Stone
    Tome of Runes
    Canopic Chest of Pestilence
    Seal of Lunacy
    Goblet of Rebirth
    Grail of Venom
}

riddles {
    I drape the hills in gentle white and from the heavens I will glide. What am I?
    The answer is: Snow.

    What am I?
    The answer is: A question.

    What is orange and sounds like a parrot?
    The answer is: A carrot.

    When one does not know what it is, then it is something. When one knows what it is, then it is nothing.
    The answer is: A riddle.

    I can go in a block what am i ?
    The answer is : Bee

    How do you solve this question ?
    The answer is : By answering it

    What will you get if you subtract Your xp level from the
    number of experience points in your xp level.
    The answer is : A Number

    What is the question ?
    The answer is : What is the question ?

    Do you think this question in Unfair ?
    The answer is : Do you think this answer is UNFAIR ?

    What is first step to the solve this math problem ?
    -> (1 + π^1 + π^2 + π^3 ... π^100) / (π^100 * (1 + π^1 + π^2 + π^3 ... π^100))

    The answer is: read it

    What is the value of π upto 0 decimal places ?
    The answer is : 3

    How many errors are there in this question if
    there is at least one error in this question?
    The answer is : 1

    Have you answer this question ?
    The answer is : yes

    Rearrange and answer:
    !!!ti, rewsna ,neht ,os ,fi ,? ,noitseuq ,siht ,degnarraer ,uoy,evaH
    The answer is : ok

    How much time did it take me to write this question ?
    The answer is: 10 sec

}
